README.md, before:

# Kai Builder is a Software engineer & Programmer That Aids to Create Libraries and Languages For Easier And Rapid Development.
Hi! I'm Kai, And I Develop Things.

I Mainly Develop(ed) In python, But as of recently, I've been programming Apps & Languages In C++.

I've Always had an obsession of Contribution & Helping Others with Certain Projects/Ideas.

I'm Not too into Profit, I Develop Open-Source most of the time.
Projects Usually Take around 1-10 Days to finish the First Stable Releases, kliJnce#5000 Is my discord, And Also another place to get in contact with me.
I Also Bare a couple of Aliases/Nicknames Such as kliJnce, KaiTheCodeManager, And KaiScripts.

# What i Work With
I Mainly work With Console and Graphics programming (KTA)

# Languages & Stuff
- C++
- C#
- Python
- Lua
- Go
- Java
- JavaScript
- CSS
- HTML
- Node.JS
- C
- Pug
- Express
- Assembly
- Haxe
- Make
- Rust
- Perl



I Started Programming Since About The End-ish Of My 6th Year In School (6th Grade).

Programming Is A Skill That I've been luck enough to possess. I Want to thank github for helping me set up my Social Pages.

   
# Context
I've always Tried Learning The Base Language Before using Engine Language Such As GDScript, C# In Unity, Or C++ In Unreal Engine. 

I Understand Most Concepts Of Programming & I Have Always Been Solving Problems & Issues.

# fin
Thanks for Reading!


![2Lang](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thekaigonzalez&layout=compact)
![Kai](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thekaigonzalez&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

Commit message:

I actually have no nicknames wtf

README.md, after:

# Kai Gonzalez
Hi! I'm Kai, And I Develop pretty cool things.

I mainly program in languages such as Python, Lua, C, And C++.

I'm Not too into Profit, I Develop Open-Source most of the time.
Projects Usually Take around 1-10 Days to finish the First Stable Releases, kliJnce#5000 Is my discord, And Also another place to get in contact with me.

# What i Work With
I Mainly work With Console and Graphics programming (KTA)

# Languages & Stuff
- C++
- C#
- Python
- Lua
- Go
- Java
- JavaScript
- CSS
- HTML
- Node.JS
- C
- Pug
- Express
- Assembly
- Haxe
- Make
- Rust
- Perl



I Started Programming Since About The End-ish Of My 6th Year In School (6th Grade).

Programming Is A Skill That I've been luck enough to possess. I Want to thank github for helping me set up my Social Pages.

   
# Context
I've always Tried Learning The Base Language Before using Engine Language Such As GDScript, C# In Unity, Or C++ In Unreal Engine. 

I Understand Most Concepts Of Programming & I Have Always Been Solving Problems & Issues.

# fin
Thanks for Reading!


![2Lang](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thekaigonzalez&layout=compact)
![Kai](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thekaigonzalez&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
